provide resolution notes for channel slug mismatch error in 1.113.0 (#2584)
replicatedhq/replicated-docs: docs/release-notes/rn-app-manager.md

## 1.113.0

:::important
In KOTS 1.113.0 and later, an installation error can occur if you use the `kots install` command without specifying a channel slug _and_ the license used to install does not have access to the Stable channel. For more information, see [Breaking Change](#breaking-changes-1-113-0) below.
:::

Released on August 9, 2024

Support for Kubernetes: 1.28, 1.29, and 1.30

### New Features {#new-features-1-113-0}
* Adds support for multi-channel licenses. This allows each license to be assigned to more than one channel.

   With the introduction of multi-channel licenses, an installation error can occur if you use the `kots install` command without specifying a channel slug _and_ the license used to install does not have access to the Stable channel. For more information, see [Breaking Change](#breaking-changes-1-113-0) below.

### Bug Fixes {#bug-fixes-1-113-0}
* Fixes an issue in Embedded Cluster where going back to the Nodes page during the installation and then clicking continue did not work.

### Breaking Change {#breaking-changes-1-113-0}

> In KOTS 1.113.0 and later, the following error will occur during installation if the `kots install` command lacks a channel slug _and_ the license does not have access to the Stable channel: `"failed to verify and update license: requested channel not found in latest license"`. This can break any existing automation that includes a `kots install` command without a channel slug.

Reviewer: Do you mean that it could break an existing installation if there's no intervention? Or just that you'd have to be sure to start using the channel slug for future installs (maybe "breaking the docs")? 

This also makes me wonder about upgrades.

> In KOTS 1.113.0 and later, the following error will occur during installation if the `kots install` command lacks a channel slug _and_ the license does not have access to the Stable channel: `"failed to verify and update license: requested channel not found in latest license"`. This can break any existing automation that includes a `kots install` command without a channel slug.

Reviewer 2: Future installs. Like if they documented it without the channel slug. Upgrades should be fine because you don't give the admin-console upgrade command a channel slug AFAIK.

> In KOTS 1.113.0 and later, the following error will occur during installation if the `kots install` command lacks a channel slug _and_ the license does not have access to the Stable channel: `"failed to verify and update license: requested channel not found in latest license"`. This can break any existing automation that includes a `kots install` command without a channel slug.

Reviewer: Updated!

## 1.113.0

:::important
Starting with KOTS 1.113.0, an error "failed to verify and update license: requested channel not found in latest license" will occur if the `kots install` command lacks a channel slug _and_ the license doesn’t include access to the `stable` channel.

For instance, `kots install app` will fail if the license only permits access to the `beta` channel. Instead, the installation command must be `kots install app/beta`.

However, if the license does have access to the `stable` channel, `kots install app` will proceed without errors.

> When the channel slug is omitted, KOTS defaults to the `stable` channel and will attempt to pull application details from that channel. Prior to `1.113.0`, this was permitted which could potentially cause mismatches in deployment settings such as logos and minimal RBAC configurations.

Reviewer 2: https://docs.replicated.com/reference/custom-resource-application#icon
```suggestion
When the channel slug is omitted, KOTS defaults to the `stable` channel and will attempt to pull application details from that channel. Prior to `1.113.0`, this was permitted which could potentially cause mismatches in deployment settings such as icons and minimal RBAC configurations.
```

Reviewer 2: The second sentence is unclear. I think you're trying to say that what was previously permitted was a kots install where the channel wasn't specified but the license didn't have access to stable. But here it sounds like you're saying the behavior of defaulting to stable was previously permitted, even though that's still how it works today

**Resolution:** If the installation is for a channel other than `stable`, ensure the channel slug in the `kots install` command is explicitly specified and matches the license's assigned channel. Refer to the Vendor Portal installation instructions or use the `replicated channel inspect CHANNEL_ID` command in the Replicated CLI for the correct commands.

> **Alternative:** If you cannot update your command immediately, temporarily revert to KOTS version 112.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Alternative:** If you cannot update your command immediately, temporarily revert to KOTS 1.112.4 or earlier.
```
